
http://artofmanliness.com/feed/ misc

http://feeds.haacked.com/haacked TechFun Blogs
http://feeds.feedburner.com/darknethackers TechFun Blogs
http://www.clickonf5.org/feed TechFun Blogs
http://feeds.feedburner.com/BuildingRealSoftware TechFun Blogs
http://hexblog.com/atom.xml TechFun Blogs
https://developer.chrome.com/feeds/blog.xml TechFun Blogs

https://rachelmiller1511.wordpress.com/feed/ Bipolar
http://mentalhealthtalk.info/feed/ Bipolar
http://bipolarawakening.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Bipolar
https://awakenfromthedream.wordpress.com/feed/ Bipolar
http://giftofocpd.wordpress.com/feed/ Bipolar
http://bipolarvillage.com/feed/ Bipolar

http://gynvael.coldwind.pl/rss_en.php Security
http://www.kali.org/feed/ Security
http://lcamtuf.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss Security
https://www.jonbottarini.com/feed/ Security
http://www.darkoperator.com/blog/atom.xml Security
http://xorl.wordpress.com/feed/ Security
http://blog.pi3.com.pl/?feed=rss2 Security
http://carnal0wnage.attackresearch.com/rss.xml Security
http://www.netresec.com/rss.ashx Security
http://nagareshwar.securityxploded.com/feed/ Security
http://seclists.org/rss/bugtraq.rss Security

http://rootofgood.com/feed/ Investing
https://adamfayed.wordpress.com/feed/ Investing
http://postconsumerlife.com/feed/ Investing
https://awealthofcommonsense.com/feed/ Investing
https://www.grahamweaver.com/blog?format=rss Investing
https://ritholtz.com/feed/ Investing

http://rss.sciam.com/sciam/mindmatters Personal

http://www.linuxinsider.com/perl/syndication/rssfull.pl Linux
http://www.linuxjournal.com/node/feed Linux
http://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/ Linux

http://allzhere.in/feed/ Friends
http://technologiquepanorama.wordpress.com/feed/ Friends
http://karankurani.com/rss Friends
http://rockyj.in/feed.xml Friends
http://h3manth.com/new/atom.xml Friends

http://feeds.cyberciti.biz/Nixcraft-LinuxFreebsdSolarisTipsTricks Geeky
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ankursethi_in Geeky

http://inside.recruiterbox.com/rss Engineering
https://www.confluent.io/feed/ Engineering
http://www.codesimplicity.com/feed/atom/ Engineering
http://techblog.netflix.com/feeds/posts/default Engineering
http://codeascraft.etsy.com/feed/ Engineering
https://muhammadraza.me/feed.xml Engineering
https://blogs.gnome.org/shell-dev/feed/ Engineering
https://bytes.swiggy.com/feed Engineering
https://newsletter.systemdesign.one/feed Engineering

http://feeds.feedburner.com/HighScalability Scalability

http://aws.typepad.com/aws/atom.xml Companies
http://www.awsarchitectureblog.com/atom.xml Companies
https://www.glassdoor.co.in/rss/reviews.rss?id=612822 Companies
https://www.glassdoor.co.in/rss/reviews.rss?id=1337171 Companies
https://blog.google/products/gmail/rss/ Companies

http://www.psychalive.org/feed/ Health
http://feeds.feedburner.com/MarcAndAngel Health
http://www.sciencedaily.com/rss/mind_brain/relationships.xml Health
http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/rss/psychology-psychiatry.xml Health
http://davidicuswong.wordpress.com/feed/ Health
http://www.fredricneumanmd.com/blog/?feed=rss2 Health
http://feeds.feedburner.com/joannecipressi Health
http://feeds.feedburner.com/b5media/thegloss Health
http://happiness-project.com/feed Health
http://www.lifehack.org/feed/ Health
http://lovesagame.com/feed/ Health
http://everydaybright.com/feed/ Health
http://www.arvinddevalia.com/feed/ Health
http://www.progressiveimpact.org/feed/ Health
http://www.mindtools.com/import.rss Health
#http://www.psychologytoday.com/collections/feed Health
#http://www.psychologytoday.com/front/feed Health
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/tag/love--sex/feed/ Health
http://feeds.feedburner.com/The99Percent Health
http://www.scienceofrelationships.com/home/rss.xml Health
http://www.theglobalconversation.com/blog/?feed=rss2 Health
http://higherunlearning.com/feed/ Health


http://blogs.msdn.com/b/oldnewthing/rss.aspx MSDN Blogs

http://commonsware.com/blog/feed.atom Android
https://medium.com/feed/@deepakabbot Android
http://blog.danlew.net/rss/ Android

http://feeds.feedburner.com/jeremymorgan/NJwt Tech Articles
http://feeds.haacked.com/haacked/ Tech Articles
http://www.troyhunt.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss Tech Articles
http://abhijitjana.net/feed/ Tech Articles

https://fribbledom.com/index.xml Software
http://ithare.com/rssfeed/ Software

http://fundooprofessor.wordpress.com/feed/ Wealth
http://basunivesh.com/feed/ Wealth
http://feeds.feedburner.com/FinanceAndInvesting Wealth
https://www.blogger.com/feeds/8893659821102732043/posts/default Wealth
https://www.fyers.in/feed/ Wealth
http://www.safalniveshak.com/feed/ Wealth
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/onemint Wealth
http://www.subramoney.com/feed/ Wealth

http://feeds.feedburner.com/ScottHanselman MS Tech Blogs
http://visualstudioaddins.svprogramming.net/feed/ MS Tech Blogs
http://blogs.msdn.com/b/rodneyviana/rss.aspx MS Tech Blogs
http://blogs.msdn.com/b/heaths/rss.aspx MS Tech Blogs
http://dailydotnettips.com/feed/ MS Tech Blogs
http://www.mypassionfor.net/feed/ MS Tech Blogs
http://feeds.feedburner.com/sashag MS Tech Blogs
http://harishmvp.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default MS Tech Blogs

https://developers.facebook.com/blog/feed Official Blogs
http://engineering.wingify.com/atom.xml Official Blogs
http://facebook.github.io/react/feed.xml Official Blogs
https://engineering.gosquared.com/feed Official Blogs
http://feeds.feedburner.com/LinkedInBlog Official Blogs
http://blog.jquery.com/feed/ Official Blogs
http://blog.chromium.org/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss Official Blogs
http://sourceforge.net/blog/feed/ Official Blogs
https://planetscale.com/blog/rss.xml Blogs
http://www.aaronsw.com/2002/feeds/pgessays.rss Blogs

http://www.codingthearchitecture.com/rss.xml Programming
http://slott-softwarearchitect.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Programming
http://golangweekly.com/rss Programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/paulhammant Programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/footle Programming
http://blog.knatten.org/feed/ Programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/BenNorthrop Programming
http://blog.nishtahir.com/rss/ Programming
https://www.mikeash.com/pyblog/rss.py?mode=fulltext Programming
http://ankit.im/feed.xml Programming
http://blogs.msdn.com/b/typescript/rss.aspx Programming
https://daveceddia.com/feed.xml Programming
http://swizec.com/blog/feed Programming
http://zeroturnaround.com/rebellabs/feed/ Programming
http://start.jcolemorrison.com/rss/ Programming
http://blog.stackoverflow.com/feed/ Programming
http://www.yegor256.com/rss Programming
http://jvns.ca/atom.xml Programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/jj09 Programming
http://steve-yegge.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Programming
http://blog.codonomics.com/feeds/posts/default Programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/codinghorror/ Programming
https://cecilialee.github.io/atom.xml Programming
http://codewithoutrules.com/atom.xml Programming
http://amir.rachum.com/feed.xml Programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/JohnPapa Programming
https://ketanbhatt.com/rss.xml Programming
http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/rss.xml Programming
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/9lesson Programming
http://www.brendangregg.com/blog/rss.xml Programming
http://thume.ca/atom.xml Programming
http://blog.golang.org/feeds/posts/default Programming
https://nadh.in/index.xml Programming
https://jdhao.github.io/index.xml Programming
https://www.hottakes.space/feed Programming
https://spring.io/blog.atom Programming
https://inside.java/feed.xml Programming
https://bun.sh/rss.xml Programming

https://f1sty.github.io/feed.xml Linux

https://slicingpie.com/slicing-pie-offer-letter-template/feed/ Startups
http://feeds.feedburner.com/collabfund Startups

https://ma.ttias.be/feed/ Devops
https://www.wolfe.id.au/index.xml Devops

http://davidwalsh.name/feed WebDev
http://wickedlysmart.com/feed/ WebDev
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ShawnWildermuth WebDev
http://www.joezimjs.com/feed/ WebDev
http://www.kenneth-truyers.net/feed/ WebDev
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/Catswhocode WebDev
http://shiflett.org/feeds/blog WebDev
http://captnemo.in/atom.xml WebDev
http://mnapoli.fr/atom.xml WebDev
http://tech-blog.maddyzone.com/feed WebDev

http://www.blackmoreops.com/feed/ madhur
https://github.com/madhur.atom madhur
http://feeds.feedburner.com/madhur madhur
http://www.goodreads.com/review/list_rss/7259651?key=4465bbee86f18df5e362f21424e7c31e909f3904&shelf=%23ALL%23 madhur

http://manurishiguptha.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss Money
http://itjegan.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Money
https://monikahalan.wordpress.com/feed/ Money
http://mfcritic.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Money

http://ocpsoft.org/feed/ General
http://walkingthestack.wordpress.com/feed/ General
http://feeds.feedburner.com/CodeSector General
http://feeds.feedburner.com/paul-irish General
http://eli.thegreenplace.net/feed/ General
http://lowrymedia.com/blogs/technical/rss/ General
http://winterdom.com/feed General
http://blog.stevensanderson.com/feed/ General
http://www.aaronsw.com/2002/feeds/pgessays.rss General
http://dave.is/atom.xml General
http://technify.me/feed/ General
http://feeds.feedburner.com/EnvyLabs General
http://www.joelonsoftware.com/rss.xml General
http://feeds.feedburner.com/LogosBibleSoftwareCodeBlog General
http://www.dehora.net/journal/atom.xml General
http://www.wrgross.com/blogs/security/feed/ General
http://shivstories.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss General
http://williamedwardscoder.tumblr.com/rss General
http://www.codereversing.com/blog/?feed=rss2 General
http://feeds.feedburner.com/PixelMillBlogFeed General
http://feeds.feedburner.com/mischiefmayhemsoap General
http://cyberbreeze.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default General
http://feeds.feedburner.com/remysharp General
http://artsmaths.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss General
https://dumbnerd.wordpress.com/feed/ General
http://feeds.feedburner.com/roshansingh General
http://feeds.feedburner.com/wekeroad/EeKc General
http://devilcomputers.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default General
http://feeds.feedburner.com/KarlSeguinsBlog General
http://www.win-vector.com/blog/feed/ General
http://blog.nparashuram.com/feeds/posts/default General
http://kwizcom.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss General
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ProgressiveImpactDouglasLabier General
http://feeds.feedburner.com/goyello/uokR General
http://jamesone111.wordpress.com/feed/ General
http://feeds.feedburner.com/CarrerBlog General
http://jeremiahgrossman.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss General
http://nelofur.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss General
http://gandhiamit.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default General
http://mikehadlow.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss General
http://www.greyhathacker.net/?feed=rss2 General
http://blog.mayurtendulkar.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss General
https://feeds.feedburner.com/madhur General
http://blogs.msdn.com/b/jeremykuhne/rss.aspx General
http://safelyremove.com/blog/en/rss.xml General
http://joelblogs.co.uk/feed/ General
http://www.hackthissite.org/pages/hts.rss.php General
http://markembling.info/feed General
http://www.forgottenempires.net/feed General
http://ahmetalpbalkan.com/blog/feed/rss.xml General

http://www.jeetbanerjee.com/feed/ Enterpreneurs
http://feeds.feedburner.com/joelis Enterpreneurs
https://www.farnamstreetblog.com/feed/ Enterpreneurs
http://ankurwarikoo.com/feed/ Enterpreneurs
http://steveblank.com/feed/ Enterpreneurs



https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/.rss reddit
